docs: add `resolve` option (#240)
unjs/c12: README.md

The default is `process.env.NODE_ENV`. You can set `envName` to `false` or an empty string to disable the feature.

### `resolve`

> You can define custom function that loda config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define a custom function that resolves the config.
```
